All right everyone so let's see about the night I expected.
So we already learn how to drive the individual loads of information in a last video with the help of
not locked my car and not I locked metal.
Now this object too of this I use method is also exactly similar but that is a one difference is that
this i.e. X matter will take care of most positional base argument plus label based argument or positional
based indexing and a label based indexing mode.
So we're already loaded of a data frame in a last studio like data of objects a data object is a data
frame object.
So now you can see the other individual countries of information available to us.
So each country as its me is serving in a I'll call organisms and mine serving spirit serving these
days really will be test.
Now let's say you want to grab the third countries information so you can use this not a lot matter
and you can use the positional BS argument instead of that you can use this lot smarter and use this
position and these arguments of let's say tournaments index number will be pointing to two is pointing
to Nigeria.
Let me just executed.
Now you can see it has given us one deprecation warning in effect from the future war zone.
It is going to become a deprecated.
So they are suggesting that this dark matter is anyhow going to become deprecated.
So please use this dot lock and dialogue so not lobbies for a label with indexing and not look for the
position that is indexing as we already seen in the last years.
So any or this property of this data frame object like Anata yes is going to become a duplicate but
I just want to show you that most of the kind of indexing you can possibly do it.
So now let's say you want to really great in this area.
So instead of passing let's it do you can even pass the Atlanta area.
Now you can imagine that most of the time so indexing mechanism will work to drive the data in case
of this property.
Now you can see exactly the same data you retrieve as we all retired earlier.
You can even use this range of values.
So let's say we can use no x so let's say from 3 to 7 currently we want to reclaim.
So we have countries like between 3 to 7 like Angola Angola Antigua and Barbuda and Argentina.
Let's use the same lottery x property with the help of this rather than positional based argument will
pass the legal base argument.
So let's see the first argument we posit like Andorra.
So I'm just going to select 10 pasted here.
And after cologne we are going to pass another Laker Argentina.
OK let me just execute.
So now you can see the same set of information.
It has very.
So it is not a property you can use both of this indexing label means indexing or a positional base
indexing in one same property rather than using this dot block and not a lock matter.
But as this finalizes giving warning that it's a deprecation mining it anyhow it is going to become
deprecated.
So if you upgrade your library find us in a future you may not find this not its proper.
OK.
So I just want to introduce you.
That is not I property properties a replacement of kind of most of this property like a dot lock and
a dot I lock.
But I would highly suggest to you that as finders community is suggesting to use this lock method and
not I lock meter for it trial the individual flows of information.
OK so that's all about this video.
See you in the next video.